[v2022.08.11-0] Kubernetes installer release notes (#523)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-kubernetes-installer.md

# Kubernetes Installer Release Notes

## Release v2022.08.11-0

Released on August 11, 2022

### Improvements {#improvements-v2022-08-11-0}

- Add Collectd Ubuntu 22.04 compatibility to host preflight checks

> - Add additional no proxy addresses to the join the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `additional noproxy` addresses to the join command
```
